now LGBT movies have been on the rise
especially in 2017 but there's no other
cinematic masterpiece that truly defines
the genre like Pokemon the movie I
choose you
and when you've had a franchise for so
long Earth Day ends up becoming your
favorite holiday cuz recycling movies is
the favorite thing for some of these
people so leave it a Pokemon to take the
best from their series and from their
movies and pretty much just make a
highlight video about everything they've
done in the past let me explain what we
have here is pretty much the greatest
hits of Ash and his lover in this earth
to retelling now if you've only wants
Digimon growing up Pokemon are pretty
much these animal-like hybrids that
evolve as their powers grow and they're
very akin to mumble rappers who just
repeat their names over and over again
and in the main storyline we follow a
kid named ash who's been waiting for his
10th birthday so he can become a pokemon
trainer and also straight-up leave his
house before hitting puberty problem is
my dude was so excited to become a
pokemon trainer that he Kenny Rogers his
alarm clock so he ends up arriving late
to collect his Pokemon and is stuck with
the reject electrical rat named Pikachu
and shocker they don't get along they
set off on their adventure when ash
chucks one of his balls at a wild
Pokemon which causes the movie to turn
into Alfred Hitchcock's the birds but
then Pikachu goes full outdoor and saves
the day they end up finding the feather
from the beginning of Forrest Gump
except it's rainbow cuz like I said it
was an LGBT movie titles play and we get
a little montage that honestly makes me
wonder what's the difference between
being a Pokemon master and a slave
master because I'm looking at mister ash
and his pajama over here rounding up
other Pokemon just so they can men dingo
fight later on I don't know they arrive
at this place so ash can Skype his mom
and he learns about this super rare
'islam look in Pokemon who's very very
hard to find and he finds him in the
next scene he also runs into a guy in a
girl who are going to be his travel
buddies but she ain't no misty and he's
not high enough to be Brock but they'll
do for this movie they find to reject
the Charmander as well as the dude who
left them there and this kid ends up
becoming the villain and this kid is so
classless so the point that they even
named him cross which is already asking
for trouble
homie appears throughout the movie
creeping another 10
he pops up out of nowhere holding the
Arthur fist but worst of all leaving a
Pokemon is like trying to return your
adopted child when you've lost the
receipt
anyways ash takes Charmander gives him
that sana sana colita de Rana and he
gets better and they continue their
journey they end up learning about a
Pokemon named hoo-hoos Gibbs the
feathers to whoever he believes is the
chosen one and he supposed to be like
the most legendary pokemons of them all
and I guess Astro so happens to be the
chosen one because he got the feather
this sets them on the skittles adventure
to find the end of the rainbow so they
can meet this legendary pokemon but ash
has to hit the gym first he trains
Pikachu who continues to refuse to get
into his pokeball trains Caterpie who
goes from a bug to a green plank from Ed
Edd and Eddy trains Butterfree who he
has to set free because he finds a girl
before Ash does and as Charmander faces
past owner who freakin summons satan
himself to give him a whooping at this
point ash gets his first lost but we
also realized that there's this ghost
Pokemon acting like the puberty monster
who's been following him around and
making him like lash out and say things
that are just taking everyone else off
so something has to happen where he max
out ends up in limbo and then he's able
to wake up like Leonardo DiCaprio and
appreciate the people who are around him
they end up finding the rainbow the
mountain and Robin Williams from Jumanji
only to cross cross again who comes to
check the feather which only makes
things worse all the Pokemon turn on ash
and they blast him harder than Luke
Skywalker leaving him crippled besides
Pikachu at this point I just tried
everything to get Pikachu into his
pokeball for his own safety and yet he
won't do it because
it's because I always want to poke you
what
how does Pikachu speak better English
than my grandma has even taking ESL
night classes and the final cut that we
haven't seen what was he acting like
hoarder when he can enunciate full-out
sentences I have no idea where this
movie was trying to go with this but
we're never having ash died leaving
Pikachu to go full-out him and causing
that mountain to look like Mount Sinai
II when Yahweh gave Moses the Ten
Commandments and ash comes back cuz love
and whatnot like I said everybody's
happy alive and ho appears to
congratulate Ash who demands a duel from
him but then the Iraqi three us we don't
see who wins now I don't know if there's
gonna be a sequel to this movie I don't
know if Pikachu is gonna become an
English teacher and educate his people
but what I do know for a darn-tootin
theft is that y'all got to bring back
misty and Brock
[Music]